Q: What shape is most common in Minecraft?  
A: Square  

Q: What does a Creeper do when it gets close to a player?  
A: Blows up  

Q: What is the Ender Dragon's dimension called?  
A: The End dimension  

Q: What happens when a pig is struck by lightning?  
A: Turns into a Zombie Pigman  

Q: What block is unbreakable in survival mode?  
A: Bedrock  

Q: What are the large jellyfish-like creatures in the Nether?  
A: Ghasts  

Q: What creature drops feathers and infects villagers?  
A: Zombie  

Q: What creature can climb walls and is passive during the day?  
A: Spider  

Q: What is the first material players usually collect?  
A: Wood  

Q: What type of ore is used to create the strongest armor?  
A: Netherite  

Q: What is the strongest type of pickaxe?  
A: Netherite Pickaxe  

Q: What Minecraft block is used to brew potions?  
A: Brewing Stand  

Q: What food restores the most health?  
A: Golden Apple  

Q: What block is used to enchant items?  
A: Enchanting Table  

Q: What valuable item can reset the spawn point?  
A: Bed  

Q: What container is needed to make every potion?  
A: Water bottle  

Q: What was supposed to be the name of the game?  
A: Cave Game  

Q: What is used to mine ores and stones in Minecraft?  
A: Pickaxe  

Q: In Minecraft, Creepers are terrified of?  
A: Ocelots  

Q: In Minecraft, sugar cane can produce what item?  
A: Paper  

Q: What item is required to tame a cat in Minecraft?  
A: Raw Cod or Raw Salmon  

Q: How many obsidian blocks are needed to create a Nether portal?  
A: 10  

Q: Which item can be used to create a brewing stand in Minecraft?  
A: Blaze Rod  

Q: What is the maximum durability of a diamond pickaxe?  
A: 1561  

Q: Which item is needed to craft a dispenser?  
A: Bow + Cobblestone + Redstone Dust  

Q: What is the primary ingredient used to craft a bookshelf?  
A: Books + Wooden Planks  

Q: Which item can be used to create a daylight sensor?  
A: Glass + Nether Quartz + Wooden Slabs  

Q: How many iron ingots are needed to craft a full set of iron armor?  
A: 24  

Q: What is the primary ingredient used to craft a cake?  
A: Milk + Sugar + Wheat + Eggs  

Q: Which item can be used to repair or combine tools in an anvil?  
A: Another tool of the same type or material  

Q: What is the maximum number of players in a Minecraft Realms server?  
A: Ten  

Q: What year was Minecraft officially released?  
A: 2011  

Q: What platform was Minecraft first developed on?  
A: PC  

Q: Who is the original creator of Minecraft?  
A: Markus Persson  

Q: What company acquired Minecraft in 2014?  
A: Microsoft  

Q: What is the name of Minecraft’s educational version?  
A: Minecraft: Education Edition  

Q: How many health points does a player have?  
A: Twenty  

Q: What game mode requires players to gather all materials themselves?  
A: Survival Mode  

Q: What mode is used for testing and building without constraints?  
A: Creative Mode  

Q: What is the maximum level a player can reach in Minecraft?  
A: There is no maximum level  

Q: Which update added the Netherite material?  
A: Nether Update  

Q: What feature allows players to trade with villagers?  
A: Trading System  

Q: What update introduced bees and honey?  
A: Buzzy Bees Update  

Q: What version first included horses?  
A: Version 1.6.1  

Q: What update added the ocean monuments?  
A: The Update Aquatic  

Q: Which update included the end cities?  
A: Combat Update  

Q: What update introduced the crossbow?  
A: Village & Pillage Update  

Q: What version introduced the Elytra?  
A: Version 1.9  

Q: What update brought pandas and bamboo into the game?  
A: Village & Pillage Update  

Q: What was the name of the first official Minecraft update?  
A: Alpha  

Q: When was the first version of Minecraft released on the PlayStation Vita?  
A: October 14, 2014  

Q: When was the first version of Minecraft released on the Nintendo 3DS?  
A: June 28, 2017  

Q: When was the first version of Minecraft released on the Wii U?  
A: December 17, 2015  

Q: When was the first version of Minecraft released on the PlayStation 5?  
A: November 12, 2020  

Q: When was the first version of Minecraft released on the Nintendo Switch Lite?  
A: September 20, 2019  